[man]
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Spin it!
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Let's begin it.
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Talespin ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ Friends for life
Through thick and thin ♪
♪ With another tale to spin ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Talespin ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ All the trouble we get in ♪
♪ With another tale to spin ♪
Spin it!
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Spin it, my friend.
Woo-hoo!
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ Ba-ba-ba da-da-da ♪
♪ Spin it, let's begin it ♪
♪ Bear and grin it when you're in it ♪
♪ You can win it in a minute ♪
♪ When you spin it, spin it, spin it ♪
Ha-ha-ha!
♪ Talespin it ♪
♪ Talespin ♪
[Baloo] OK, Becky, I'm going into town
for your hair ribbons and fly paper.
Typewriter ribbons
and carbon paper, Baloo.
-[Baloo] Whatever.
-Wait a minute. Before you go,
I need to ask a few questions.
How are you feeling?
Fine.
No fever? Any coughing?
Stick out your tongue.
Ah.
Looks OK.
But if you start to feel
the slightest bit sick,
-I want to be the first to know.
-Becky, I didn't know you cared.
[sneezes]
I thought you said you were fine.
Jeez Louise, it was just a little sneeze.
What's with you?
This week's issue of Flyboy  magazine.
Didn't you read about the pilot
who had a hiccup fit
-and crashed into a mountain?
-[Baloo] So?
So? What if you sneeze, crash and burn?
I can't put the Sea Duck
in that kind of jeopardy.
You're going to the doctor
for a complete checkup.
-Because of a little sneeze?
-Baloo, you're going,
and I won't take no for an answer.
[imitating air battle]
Enemy at 3 o'clock!
Hard rudder! Pull up! Pull up!
Uh-oh, I broke Baloo's new gyrocompass.
He's going to kill me.
I'd better get this fixed
before he gets back.
So, Doctor, can you fix it?
[Doctor] Without a doubt, definitely,
no maybes about it. [chuckles]
[Kit]
Oh, you're saving my life.
-[Doctor] Oh, good, the x-rays are ready.
-Can I see?
Mm-mm, don't touch, don't touch,
X-rays are very delicate.
Uh-uh, you might smudge them.
Oh, my. Oh... my.
This is one sickly
googleschlocker gyrocompass.
Oh, but don't worry.
Maybe I can fix it.
Wait, you said no maybes about it.
Well, I found a maybe.
The hemio noodle is kaput.
Young fella,
I won't beat around the bush.
You'd better leave
the googleschlocker here with me.
Becky, your worries are over.
Except for a few test results
he's waiting for,
the doc says I am one airworthy bear.
Excellent, Baloo. What a relief to know
the Sea Duck...
I mean, you're OK.
And I'll bet you thought I forgot
your paper-wrapped chicken and spareribs.
That was carbon paper
and typewriter ribbons.
Well, no nutritional value there.
Why me?
[telephone rings]
Higher for Hire:
If you're buying, we're flying.
This is Dr. Omeyer,
and I have some news.
But I think you better sit down.
-I am sitting.
-Then you better stand up.
OK, I'm standing.
Good, now, sit down.
It's bad news, worse than I thought.
-Worse?
-Let me put it this way...
-Knock, knock.
-Who's there?
-I'ma.
-I'ma who?
I'm afraid the patient's time is up.
This is one bad googleschlocker.
-Is there anything I can do?
-Well, you could sell me the spare parts.
[gasps]
[stutters]
I can't believe it.
Baloo...
Poor Baloo!
[Baloo]
Hey, Becky, I was thinking,
if you're not going
to eat those spareribs...
Baloo, I have something
important to tell you.
-I... I think you'd better sit down.
-I am sitting.
-Then stand up.
-Why?
I don't know why.
Because this is what you do
when you have bad news, that's why.
Oh, what's wrong?
Baloo, you know how
you've thought of ordering
a lifetime subscription
to Flyboy  magazine?
Well, I'd go with
a week to week if I were you.
Huh?
[stutters]
Let me try this another way.
Remember how you said no birthday party
will ever top last year's?
-Yeah.
-Well, I think you're right.
Ah, Becky, you're spinning your propeller,
but you're not getting anywhere.
Now, why don't you just spit it out.
OK, your doctor called.
It's bad.
The worst.
Are you saying
I'm heading for the last takeoff?
Taking the final nose dive?
Parachuting without a parachute?
Yes, you're dying!
[crying]
Baloo, if there's anything I can do,
anything at all.
[door shuts]
I'm a goner, a solid goner.
But, hey, it's been a good life.
I got no regrets.
I've done everything I ever wanted to do.
Except for...
Say, what's to stop me now?
[crying]
-[door opens, closes]
-Oh, Baloo.
Something's, uh, in my eye.
-What can I do for you?
-I have one last favor to ask.
Name it, you got it. Anything.
I want to fly the Sea Duck
into the Bearmuda Trapezoid.
Whoa! Time out! No way, Jose!
-What happened to anything?
-The Bearmuda Trapezoid is terrifying.
People fly in, but they don't fly out.
OK, so, no pilot's ever made it out alive.
Well, I'm barely alive anyway.
If I do make it out,
I'll go down in history,
like Wilbur and Orville
the Kitty Hawk kids,
Amelia Airhead,
Oscar Wiggerstumper.
Who's Oscar Wiggerstumper?
Ha! See? He never did anything historic.
But if you don't make it back,
the Sea Duck's  history
and so is my business.
Aww, hasn't old Baloo
always brought her back
the same mean, clean flying machine?
Of course.
How shallow of me.
What's the value of the Sea Duck
compared to a dream?
Go, Baloo, make history.
Don't give the Sea Duck  another thought.
Thanks, Becky.
All-freight Insurance?
Does the Sea Duck's  policy
cover disappearances?
Good!
Double my coverage.
I don't get it, Baloo.
Why are we pitching horseshoes?
Well, I don't want you to grow up and say,
"Gee, old Baloo and I
never pitched horseshoes."
Well, why would I say that?
This is stupid.
Now, little britches,
I never want you to sass your elders,
forget to say your prayers,
or let your cornflakes get soggy.
Yeah, I promise.
This is still stupid.
Maybe, but someday when
you're president or something,
you'll wish you were back
playing horseshoes with your old buddy.
Oh, be real, presidents have better things
to do than play horseshoes.
[Baloo] Well, Beckers, this is it.
[Becky sobs]
I guess so.
The big goodbye.
The last so long.
The final toodle-oo.
Oh, this is our chance to be famous.
Higher for Hire will have
the only pilot who made it back
from the Bearmuda Trapezoid.
Of course, Baloo.
You're right.
You'll be back.
I know it.
[crying]
Sheesh, I hate messy goodbyes.
Hey! What's this ad for a pilot
doing in Flyboy  magazine, Miss Cunningham?
-Are you replacing Baloo?
-I'm afraid I have to, Kit.
How could you?
Where is he? Where's the Sea Duck?
Sit down, Kit.
There's something you should know.
Baloo...
Baloo's got a busted googleschlocker.
[crying]
Uh-oh. You know?
Of course I know.
How do you know?
-I'm the one who broke it.
-You? How?
Well, I didn't mean to,
but I was playing... [mumbles]
and I yanked on it and it fell off.
Stop!
I don't want to hear the gory details.
It's bad enough, Dr. Omeyer
said there's nothing he can do.
Oh, no! Now what?
Maybe I can get a spare
in the junkyard.
This is a life organ,
not some part on an airplane.
Yes, it is.
Right next to the flap adapter.
It is? You mean...
Oh, thank heaven.
I thought Baloo was dying.
He'll be so relieved to find out.
Where is he? He shouldn't be flying
without that gyrocompass.
He's flying through
the Bearmuda Trapezoid.
I've got to let him know he's not dying
before he kills himself.
[Baloo] Sheesh, visibility's
less than zero going through this muck.
Lucky I got my trusty google...
Huh? It's missing!
Huh, maybe I oughta turn around.
There's no way to navigate
through this pea soup.
I'll give it my best shot.
And if I don't make it...
Well, shoot, I'm shot anyhoo.
Baloo, can you hear me?
Baloo?
No way you're talking me
out of this, Becky.
-[Becky] You don't understand...
-What's happening?
Whoa!
-Baloo, can you hear me?
-Baloo!
[engine sputters]
We've got to find where Baloo went down.
-Mountains at 12 o'clock!
-Don't think so, Kit.
We should be getting there before noon.
Any minute now, in fact.
I'm going to die!
[yelling]
Baloo may be the only one
who gets out of this alive.
[squawking]
[man]
Oh, yes, yes, this will do nicely.
Look, I don't know who you are, fella,
but I'm warning ya, you'd better not
ruffle one feather of the Sea Duck.
[man] You are in no position
to be giving orders, my friend.
But, come along, I'll show you
what I'm going to do with your Sea Duck.
My Titanium Turkey
is the eighth wonder of the world.
It will revolutionize air travel.
And I only need one more device
to complete my beautiful bird:
The googleschlocker gyrocompass
from your plane.
[laughs] Tough luck, big shot.
I don't have one.
[man] Very well. Then I'll fly without
and take your plane along as a lifeboat.
What happens to me?
Don't worry.
I'm merely going to lock you up...
for the rest of your life.
Well, considering my condition,
that shouldn't be long.
-Get in!
-OK, but quit poking me with that thing.
You're as bad as my doctor.
Why, you're... Amelia Airhead.
And the Kitty Hawk kids,
and Charles Limburger,
The all-famous pilots who disappeared
in the Bearmuda Trapezoid.
Uh, you, I don't recognize.
No? Well, no one ever does.
I'm Oscar Wiggerstumper.
[Wildcat] You know, the way planes
disappear in the Bearmuda Trapezoid,
is just like my washing machine:
I put two socks in, only one comes back.
I've been working on the problem.
-Really, my missing socks?
-No, the planes that have disappeared.
Well, if they were all flying
according to regulations,
they must've vanished at 10,000 feet.
-So?
-If we come in really low,
we might make it, OK.
But that's an improper method of flying.
Flight regulations strictly forbid--
Miss Cunningham,
that might be our only chance.
OK, Wildcat, bring her in low.
[Wildcat] Okey-dokey, Kit.
[Rebecca yelling]
I'm going to die!
-That's a little too low, Wildcat
-Yes, but refreshing, wasn't it?
Look out for that island!
[Wildcat] This island?
Come on, let's go see where we are.
[squawking]
Look, somebody's over there.
Is it Baloo?
[Kit] Not unless he's been overdoing it
on the ice cream sundaes.
Let's follow them.
[squawking]
[gasps]
Wow, that is one major airplane.
[Rebecca]
And, look, he's got the Sea Duck.
Baloo might still be alive.
Hey, I recognize that guy.
He was laughed out of the airplane biz.
-He's a comedian?
-No, he's Howard Huge.
Well, the famous airplane designer.
But his designs got weird
and they gave him the axe.
He's a lumberjack?
Looks like he's been kidnapping planes
so he can use the parts to make that one.
Yeah, and he probably thinks that
big plane will make him a big shot again.
Better to be a big shot than be shot.
-Huh?
-I knew it! I am going to die!
[Howard]
Enjoy your stay in my little hotel.
You know, in 20 years,
no one's checked out yet.
-Baloo!
-Papa Bear!
Wh... what are you doing here?
-We followed you.
-Oh, you guys shouldn't have come.
You've got your whole lives ahead of you.
Me, I've just got a few grains of sand
in the hourglass of life.
But you're wrong, Baloo.
There's been a big misunderstanding.
The doctor called...
What was that?
Huge, is testing the engine
to the Titanium Turkey.
-He's gonna leave.
-Oh, my gosh.
That means we'll be stuck here forever.
Not if I can help it.
This is a Cabin Cruiser 107.
I remember readying how there was
something weird about the design.
The way the drapes clash
with the seat covers?
Seats, that was it!
This plane was built with a secret
emergency exit under one of the seats.
Find it and we're outta here!
Why would anyone hide
the emergency exit under a seat?
'Cause it's too hard climbing through
the luggage compartment.
Wildcat, if we make it back home safely,
get therapy.
I hope we find a way out soon.
I don't have much time left.
Is your watch busted?
No, not exactly,
I'm going to die, Wildcat.
-Everyone says that lately.
-Who else?
Miss Cunningham.
All the way here, she's saying,
"I'm going to die.
I'm going to die."
Holy moly,
that must be the misunderstanding.
Becky's a goner, too.
You guys really are dying?
No kidding? The real thing?
[Baloo] Yep, and here I've been
so concerned about my candle burning down,
I didn't notice
Becky's being snuffed out.
Oh, I'm gonna do right by that little gal
as long as she's got some wick left.
Wait, are you guys dying
or running out of wax?
That exit's gotta be here someplace.
Oh, here, let me help you, Becky.
Why don't you just sit a spell?
This is no time to sit,
we have work to do.
Oh, so unselfish,
even at the end of your rope.
-I found it!
-Nice going, little britches.
Now, let's help these others bail out.
[Kit]
We got to get back to the Sea Duck.
That's gonna be tough
as long as Huge's sidekicks
are packing those peashooters.
Difficult, but not impossible.
Never say die, Baloo.
Oh, Becky, your optimism
is posilutely inspiring.
Oh, yippee ki-yo ki-yay.
At last, my fabulous Titanium Turkey
is ready for its maiden voyage.
What's he doing with the Sea Duck?
Using it for some kind of lifeboat.
That turkey needs a lifeboat.
It breaks about
17 laws of aerodynamic theory.
We've got to stop that porko pilot,
and old Baloo's got an idea how.
One whiff of this finger-licking chicken,
and Huge will come a-running.
-It isn't working!
-Turn up the fan!
I don't get it.
Is his nose stuffed up?
[sniffing]
Mmm. Oh, nummy nums.
Choco Thriller.
Ooh, I haven't had one in years.
So much for my never-fail sauce.
Let's go!
Can you make the climb, Becky?
I mean, in your condition, and all?
I happen to be
in perfect condition, Baloo.
[Baloo]
Of course you are.
Let's see if this lead canary
can flap its wings.
Stop!
You... you Turkey  thieves!
What terrific scenery.
Wonder why it stopped?
Because we've stopped.
Impossible!
A plane can't stop in midair.
-The manual explicitly says--
-It's Huge!
Ha! Try and steal my Turkey, will they?
Fat, pardon the expression, chance.
We have a fatal attraction.
[Rebecca]
Do something, Baloo!
I'm trying, but she won't budge.
It's that magnet.
Too bad we don't have a magnet
of our own to counteract it.
What if we patch
into the electrical system
and run a current through the hull.
That would turn this Turkey
into a magnet.
Wildcat, that's a great idea!
-Uh, what is?
-I'll go find some wire.
[Rebecca] I-I-I don't think
we're gonna make it.
Oh, what a lousy break,
to have it end like this when there's
only a few days left anyhow.
Gun the engine, Papa Bear.
Oh, no!
The magnets are attracting each another!
-We got it backwards!
-[Baloo] Backwards?
Opposite poles attract,
like poles repel.
You gotta... flip this plane backwards.
Baloo, don't you dare!
Sorry, Becky.
Everybody hang on!
-Ready Kit?
-[Kit] Roger that.
-[Baloo] Flaps wide open.
-[Kit] Check.
-[Baloo] Accelerate the accelerator.
-Radiate the radiator.
-Check.
-Escalate the escalator.
-Check!
This is the only way to fly.
Hang on,
we're about to flip like a flapjack.
Oh, pooh!
I've lost the Turkey.
Now all I have is leftovers.
[all yelling]
Baloo, I order you
to straighten this out and fly right!
What is the use?
We're goners anyhow.
No, it was a misunderstanding.
You're not dying.
I'm not?
What about you?
No, of course not.
You mean...
we're both going to live?
Not if you don't get control
of this stupid plane!
[Rebecca] Yes, good.
Well, thanks for calling, officer.
That was the air police,
they arrested Howard Huge
and reunited the pilots
with their families.
Well, doesn't that warm
the cockpit of your heart?
And speaking of warm,
that's how I feel
knowing you risked your life to save mine.
Well, you have your faults, Baloo,
but you're pretty special.
And you were right,
I knew you'd make it back.
There was never any doubt.
Uh, excuse me?
Pardon me.
Is that pilot position still available?
♪ Talespin ♪
♪ Another tale to spin ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Ha-ha-ha!
♪ Talespin ♪